6) Finally, discuss what we have learned (beyond what was already covered in
lecture) as a result of your project. This can be both positive and negative.
In otherwords, you may have discovered a weakness as well as a strength in
your PDE based approach while doing your experiments. Try to relate the
strengths and/or weakness discovered during your experimental testing to
the assumptions (or lack of assumptions) made in the mathematical formulation
of your problem. In the case of weakness, suggest what you might do in
the future if you had more time to reformulate, adjust, or improve your
model and/or your discrete implementation algorithm.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

%Show what we would do with one more month. Show what works, what does not work, and how to get it to work. Why doesn't it work ?

\section{Conclusion}

In this project, we have designed and implemented a super resolution algorithm using variational gradient descent. We also estimated a good set of parameters to reach a satisfying super-resolution reconstruction of our original image. Our super-resolution algorithm uses both TV regularization for denoising and the heat equation for smoothing, and we compared the efficiency of two weighting schemes.

We did not succeed to reach a high similarity index because of the quantity of information that gets destroyed when the image is subsampled and distorted with noise. Furthermore, no shifting was added to the image before being subsampled : all LR images correspond to the same pixels in the reconstructed HR image. This might limit the impact of noise on the reconstruction, but also limits the total information available about the original image.

With more time, the following improvements could be put in place:
- add more iterations to the experience, to reach the minimum of the gradient descent for all experiments.
- add shifting to the LR images before sub-sampling them. This would include more information in the reconstructed HR image, and provide better results than the current solution.
- implement and try the fourth order PDE for smoothing, to see how best higher-order PDEs are at smoothing surfaces.
- test the current algorithm on harder regions of interest, such as the watermelon.  

