Your final project (either written report or slides for oral presentation)
should be organized as follows.

1) First describe the problem you wish to solve (or attempt to solve) without
using mathematical language (or at least as little as possible), so that
somebody with an engineering background but who doesn't know the
specific mathematical tools discussed in this course will still clearly
be able to follow the description.

2) Next, "translate", your problem into a mathematical problem. For example,
if you are using variational gradient descent PDE's, you may want to explain
how to formulate an energy functional that captures the aspects of your problem
into a mathematical expression.  You don't necessarily need to introduce the
PDE yet in this section. This section, should just focus on how to encode
your problem mathematically.

3) Next, show how the PDE you intend to use to solve your problem is derived
or formulated from your mathematical model. For example, in the case you are
using a variational gradient descent PDE, here is where you will show how to
obtain your gradient flow PDE from the energy function that you already
presented. Make sure it is clear to me that you understand how the PDE is
obtained (don't just present it with no explanation).

4) Now, show how the PDE you are using should be discretized and implemented
on the computer.  You should justify the choices you make in the discretization
(why, for example, are you using central differences or upwind difference or
entropy differences for the spatial derivatives, how and why are you choosing
the time step if your PDE is a time evolution PDE). Make sure it is clear
to me that you understand the reasons behind your choices (don't just present
them without explanation).

5) Now present some experimental results from applying your discretized
PDE methods on data. The data can be synthetically generated or real data
(real data is not important for this project). If you are exploring more
than one PDE model (and/or testing the effect of changing some parameters in
your PDE model), then make sure you present multiple experimental results.
Attempt to extract/present some quantitative information to compare results
rather than just showing only images. For example, if you are doing anisotropic
image diffusing to preserve edges, you can devise any sort of reasonable
quantitative measure to compare the edge preservation effects between
different PDE choices, and then present a table of the comparisons (or a plot
showing the way this value changes with the number of PDE iterations for
each choice of your PDE).

REPORTS WITHOUT INSIGHTFUL QUANTITATIVE ANALYSIS WILL NOT RECEIVE FULL CREDIT.

6) Finally, discuss what we have learned (beyond what was already covered in
lecture) as a result of your project. This can be both positive and negative.
In otherwords, you may have discovered a weakness as well as a strength in
your PDE based approach while doing your experiments. Try to relate the
strengths and/or weakness discovered during your experimental testing to
the assumptions (or lack of assumptions) made in the mathematical formulation
of your problem. In the case of weakness, suggest what you might do in
the future if you had more time to reformulate, adjust, or improve your
model and/or your discrete implementation algorithm.
